# Assessment-UCSF
This is a repository that the technical assessment for UCSF-Proctor, April 2023.

Background:

Schistosomiasis, caused by infection with Schistosoma spp., affects more than 200 million people worldwide. Prevalence and intensity of infection with Schistosoma mansoni peak between 10 and 15 years of age and gradually decline with age. In children, chronic schistosomiasis is associated with anemia and malnutrition and can compromise growth and cognitive development. Because of the influence school-aged children have on transmission of schistosomiasis, mass treatment of this age group with praziquantel has been the cornerstone of schistosomiasis control activities. Until recently, disease burden and morbidity among preschool-aged children have remained understudied. However, recent research has shown that first infection is often acquired at a very young age, and there is growing evidence that the burden of disease among PSAC may warrant global attention.
A field study was conducted from 2012 to 2014 in Mbita subcounty, which borders Lake Victoria in western Kenya. Before the start of the study, malaria interventions had been in place for several years, but no mass drug administration (MDA) for schistosomiasis had been conducted.
Thirty villages that met the selection criteria were randomized into two study arms to compare different MDA strategies for schistosomiasis and STH programs. Fifteen villages were randomized to a community-wide treatment arm and the remaining 15 villages were randomized to a school-based treatment arm. In each of the 30 study villages, the study aimed to enroll 100 preschool aged children (1–5 years) and their mothers or guardians.
In both study arms, parasitologic and serologic indicators were monitored at baseline (year 1 in 2012) and annually following treatment. All annual monitoring was done using repeated, cross-sectional surveys in the selected villages and children were treated with praziquantal and albendazole approximately 2 months after each annual measurement.
